Make max length of body lines configurable (#96)
mristin/opinionated-commit-message: README.md

          allow-one-liners: 'true'
```

## Custom line length on the body

> For terminal use and for some GUIs with a columnar and monospaced history it is a good practice to limit the length
> of body lines to 72 characters. For teams that use only modern UIs such as GitHub Web this is a harsh restriction,
> especially when using a PR description as the body, where the workflow can become quite confusing since there is no
> limitation on the UI itself.
> 
> You can change the default line length by setting the flag `max-body-line-length`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For use in terminals and monospaced GUIs it is a good practice to limit the line length of the body to 72 characters.
However, the restriction is unnecessarily harsh for teams that use modern GUIs such as GitHub Web.
This is especially so when using a description of the pull request as the body, since there is no such limitation in the GitHub UI itself.

You can change the imposed maximum line length by setting the flag `max-body-line-length`:
```

I reworded a bit for clarity. Additionally, I split each sentence on a separate line. (After this PR and #97, I'll reformat the readme so that each sentence goes on a separate line.)

          allow-one-liners: 'true'
```

## Custom subject length

> For use in terminals and monospaced GUIs it is a good practice to limit length of the subject to 50 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For use in terminals and monospaced GUIs it is a good practice to limit length of the subject to 50 characters.
For some projects, though, this limit is too restrictive.
For example, if you include tags in the subject (such as `[FIX]`) there is not much space left for the actual subject.
```
